bpo-38351: Modernize email example from %-formatting to f-string (#17162)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2019-11-15-09-22-28.bpo-38351.xwhlse.rst

> Modernize email example from %-formatting to f-string

Reviewer: Minor suggestion here too:

```suggestion
Modernize :mod:`email` examples from %-formatting to f-strings.
```

> Modernize email example from %-formatting to f-string

Reviewer 2: Edit: I agree with @brandtbucher's suggestion instead.
